Add release blog for Apache Kvrocks 2.16.0 (#388)
apache/kvrocks-website: blog/2026-06-22-release-2-16-0/index.md

---
slug: release-2-16-0
title: "Apache Kvrocks Release 2.16.0"
authors: [hulk]
---

> Apache Kvrocks 2.16.0 lands with one of the strongest feature batches of the 2.x line — extending the `SET` command with native compare-and-set, adding operator-friendly traffic control via `CLIENT PAUSE`/`UNPAUSE`, sharpening cluster slot management with `CLUSTERX FLUSHSLOTS`, and growing the probabilistic-data-structure surface with `TDIGEST.TRIMMED_MEAN`.

Reviewer: > one of the strongest

realy? 🤣

Author: 🤣 Sorry for ignoring this sentence while reading.

> Apache Kvrocks 2.16.0 lands with one of the strongest feature batches of the 2.x line — extending the `SET` command with native compare-and-set, adding operator-friendly traffic control via `CLIENT PAUSE`/`UNPAUSE`, sharpening cluster slot management with `CLUSTERX FLUSHSLOTS`, and growing the probabilistic-data-structure surface with `TDIGEST.TRIMMED_MEAN`.

Author: ```suggestion
Apache Kvrocks 2.16.0 lands with many improvements and security fixes — extending the `SET` command with native compare-and-set, adding operator-friendly traffic control via `CLIENT PAUSE`/`UNPAUSE`, sharpening cluster slot management with `CLUSTERX FLUSHSLOTS`, and growing the probabilistic-data-structure surface with `TDIGEST.TRIMMED_MEAN`.
```
